Mention how often SQL sensors are updated (#39425)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sql.markdown

      type: template
{% endconfiguration %}

> ## Polling interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data updates
```

> By default, the integration will execute the SQL query to update the sensor every 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the integration executes the SQL query to update the sensor every 30 seconds.
```
